= constant-contact-ruby

Ruby wrapper for the Constant Contact REST API

== Requirements

HTTParty gem - http://rubygems.org/gems/httparty

== Usage

  require 'constant_contact'
  include ConstantContact
  
  ### Setup Credentials ###
  ConstantContact.setup( 'my_username', 'my_password' )

  ### Contacts ###

  all_contacts = Contact.all 

  contact_7 = Contact.get( 7 ) 
  contact_7.update_attributes!( :first_name => 'John', :last_name => 'Doe' )
  contact_7.add_to_list!( 3 )
  contact_7.remove_from_list!( 3 )
  contact_7.replace_contact_lists!( 1, 3, 9 )

  new_contact = Contact.add( :email_address => 'john@example.com', :first_name => 'John', :last_name => 'Doe' )

  john_doe = Contact.search_by_email( 'john@example.com' )


  ### Contact Lists ###

  all_lists = ContactList.all

  list_1 = ContactList.get( 1 )
  list_1_members = ContactList.members( list_1.uid )
  list_1.clear_contacts!    # remove all contacts from list
  ContactList.delete( 1 )   # delete the list

  new_list = ContactList.add( 'my new list' )


  ### Bulk Activities (involving multiple contacts) ###

  activities = Activity.all # list all activities in the system
  
  activity_details = Activity.get( activities.first.uid )
  
  Activity.remove_all_contacts_from_lists( 1, 3, 4 )    # remove all contacts from lists 1, 3, and 4

  new_contacts = [
    { :email_address = 'user1@example.com', :first_name => 'User1', :last_name => 'test' },
    { :email_address = 'user2@example.com', :first_name => 'User2', :last_name => 'test 2' },
    { :email_address = 'user3@example.com', :first_name => 'User1' },
    { :email_address = 'user4@example.com' }
  ]
  Activity.add_contacts_to_lists( new_contacts, 3, 4 )    # all the users array to lists 3 and 4
  Activity.remove_contacts_from_lists( new_contacts, 4 )  # remove the users from list 4


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Authors

Craig P Jolicoeur - http://craigjolicoeur.com

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 BatchBlue Software, LLC. See LICENSE for details.
